2 Types of Object Repositories

1. Local Object Repository
	- Specific to each Action within a test in UFT
	- Testers can easily edit the Object Repository (edit the logical names, properties, etc)
	- File Extension -> .mtr


2. Shared Object Repository (SOR)
	- Can be associated with multiple tests/Actions at the same time in UFT
	- Testers cannot easily edit the Object Repository
	- File Extension -> .tsr


Steps to Create a Shared Object Repository
1. Build a Local Object Repository
2. In the Object Repository Click on File -> Export Local Objects
3. Create a New Folder and call it 'Shared Object Repositories'
4. Within the newly created 'Shared Object Repositories' folder, Save the OR file by giving it a name and click on Create
5. In the Windows File Explorer, Navigate to the 'Shared Object Repositories' Folder and verify that the .tsr Shared Object Repository file has been created.

In order to Use a SOR with a test, that SOR must 1st be associated with the test. 

Steps to Associate a Shared Object Repository
1. Create a Shared Object Repository
2. In UFT, Resources -> Associate Repositories
3. Click on the Green '+' button
4. Locate the .tsr file and click 'Open'
5. Under the 'Available Actions' window, click on 'Action1'
6. Click on the ' > ' button and bring 'Action1' under the 'Associated Actions' window
7. Click 'OK'
8. Open the Object Repository and verify that the SOR has been associated successfully



Steps to Merge 2 Shared Object Repositories (you can only merge 2 SORs together. Can't merge an SOR with a Local OR)
1. Create SOR #1
2. Create SOR #2
3. In UFT, Click on Resources -> Object Repository Manager
4. In the OR Manager, Click on Tools -> Object Repository Merge Tool
5. In the New Merge Window, Click on the '...' Button next to 'Primary File' field
6. Select SOR #1
7. In the New Merge Window, Click on the '...' Button next to 'Secondary File' field
8. Select SOR #2
9. Click 'OK'
10. In the 'Merge Statistics' window, verify that there are no Conflicts. If there are conflicts resolve them. 
11. In the Merge Tool, Click on File -> SaveAs
12. Save the newly created SOR with a meaningful name
13.Navigate to the location where the newly created master SOR is located and verify that it has been created
14. Delete SOR #1 & SOR #2














































